## Basics
Types of hackers:
1. Ethical hacker
2. Cracker (black hat)
3. Grey hat
4. Script kiddies (copypaste coders)
5. Hacktivist (Anonymous)
6. Advanced Persistent Threats (APT)

CyberCrimes:
1. Computer Fraud
2. Privacy violation
3. Identity Theft
4. Sharing copyrighted files/info
5. Electronic funds transfer
6. Electronic money laundering
7. ATM Fraud
8. DDOS
9. Spam

Non-physical threats:
1. Loss or corruption of system data
2. Disrupt business operations that rely on computer systems
3. Loss of sensitive information
4. Illegal monitoring of activities on computer systems
5. Cyber Security Breaches
   
Common Threats:
1. Virus
2. Trojans (type of malicious code or software that looks legitimate but can take control of your computer)
3. Worms (from one network/computer to another automatically)
4. Spyware
5. Key loggers
6. Adware
7. DOS/DDOS
8. Unauthorized access
9. Phishing
10. Others

Skills required to become an Ethical hacker:
1. Practice: CTFs
2. Programing: Bash, python,
3. Networking: routing and switching
4. Learning:
   1. Hacking the Web
   2. Building tools and scripts
   3. Writing exploits, shell
   4. Effective research
   5. Linux Basics
   6. Open source programs
   7. Ethical Hacking Community

Basic Terms:
1. Adware
2. Attack
3. Back door
4. Bot
5. Botnet (zombie army, group of computers controlled without their owner's knowledge)
6. Brute force attack (simple automated way to gain access)
7. Firewall
8. Key logger
9. Phishing (social engineering where an attacker sends a fraudulent message designed to trick a person into revealing sensitive information)
10. Threat
11. Trojan
12. SQL Injection (SQL code injection technique)


Advanced Terms:
1. Buffer Overflow: Like duping in DarkSouls, BO is a flaw that occurs when more data is written to a block of memory, or buffer, than the buffer is allocated to hold
2. Clone phishing: Clone phishing is the modification of an existing, legitimate email with a false link to trick the recipient into providing personal information
3. Cracker: cracking an program for illegal use, like games
4. Exploit: software, data, sequence of commands that takes advantage of a bug or vulnerability to compromise the security
5. Exploit Kit: software designed to run on web servers, to identify software vulnerabilities in client machines, to upload and execute malicious code on the client.
6. Logic bomb: Virus secreted into a system that triggers an malicious actions when conditions are met. ie. Time bomb
7. Malware: Umbrella term for hostile/intrusive software.
8. Command and Control (C&C): hackers use to remotely transmit commands to infected zombie drones, normally to carry out DoS Attack
9. Pheaker: OG computer hackers
10. Rootkit: stealthy software, designed to hide the existence of certain processes prom normal methods of detection and enable continued privileged access to a computer
11. Shrink Wrap code: act of exploiting holes in unpatched or poorly configured software.
12. Cross-site scripting: XSS injects client-side script into web pages viewed by other users.

Pen Testing
1. Black Box (no info)
2. Grey Box (login)
3. White Box (full access)
4. External Pen Testing (outside network)
5. Internal Pen Testing (inside network)
